Adopting CNCF-style documentation for our org structure (#15)
k8sgateway/community: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [Big pull requests](#big-prs)
* [Code review guidelines](#code-review-guidelines)

> Refer to the [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand the roles and contributor ladder within the project.

Reviewer: I think this might refer to a different file? Maybe
```suggestion
To understand contributor roles, refer to the [contributor ladder guide](CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER.md).
```

Reviewer 2: Yes!!

> Refer to the [contributing ladder doc](CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand the roles and contribution ladder within the community.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to the [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand the roles and contributor ladder within the project.
```
